Previously on
"RuPaul's Drag Race"...
You'll be starring
in "Wigloose."
all: [singing] There's a queen
that wants to come through
Oh, everybody's
going wigloose
[all cheering]
Who should go home tonight
and why?
Salina has been
in the bottom a lot.
Salina EsTitties.
Okay.
If I had to be honest,
I'm tired of being
at the Sasha Colby
meet and greet.
Loosey's drag
I would have to say,
for lack of better word,
is a little
on the more generic side.
[dramatic music]
Anetra, condragulations.
You are the winner
of this week's challenge.
Yes.
[applause]
Loosey LaDuca,
shantay, you stay.
Salina EsTitties, sashay away.
[tense music]
My girl Salina has gone.
She fought a good fight.
She's always been a fighter.
Maybe, like, a tearful warrior.
[laughs]
And I hope that she's proud
of herself
'cause I'm very proud of her
and I know LA is proud of her.
"Guess I got
what I 'deserved.'"
- Ooh!
- "Love you hos."
Well--
She's obviously upset we said
that she deserved to go home.
She's pissed. I get it.
My name was said too,
and it sucks.
The mirror message feels
a little bit...
pointed right now
and a little bit salty.
And by a little,
I mean, like, a lot.
In "Untucked," Salina was
a little upset with Loosey
and why she chose her.
I know you had to say a name,
but, like,
I feel like you actually have
people in here
that you don't really care
too much about
that you would love
to see gone.
And why didn't you say
their names?
I understand.
- Well, say their names.
- But the--
- I understand.
- Say their names!
Because there's people
you don't care for
that you would love
to see gone.
And I know it's not me.
[laughing] Oh, my God.
I'm happy to still be here.
You know, I plan on being here
the whole time.
But it's hard
because I feel like
I got nothing
but positive critiques,
especially about the Rusical.
And so it was really surprising
to see myself in the bottom.
Not again.
And I'm really,
really gonna miss her.
Hunty.
Tea has been spilt.
Feelings have been shared.
And it stinks in here, honey.
All right, let's get rowdy.
Here we go.
We had to say someone.
Yes, we did.
I felt like this week,
everyone done well.
So if I said
someone should go home,
it would have been purely
out of my personal thoughts.
If I wanted to be a bitch,
I could have said Loosey.
But I gave
my perfect pageant answer
and said that I would
send Sasha home.
So for once, I'm patting
myself on the back
for being in my congenial era.
Well, I gave
a pretty long explanation.
Everything that I said
on the runway
is 110% how I feel.
I think that I did it in a way
that was not meant to be
disrespectful or demeaning.
Listen, I said it
and I meant it.
Loosey's drag is
more on the generic side.
I understand
that you had to say someone.
But I still, you know,
can obviously
- wholeheartedly disagree with...
- Yeah!
- With what you said.
- Of course.
You know,
because I'm going to.
Luxx seemed to really enjoy
my drag
when I was helping her
during the comedy challenge,
which I find interesting.
I'm cool
because I love what I do.
I think I'm very unique,
and I don't think
it's a bad thing that I'm
very good at a lot of things.
I think
that Loosey is holding back
her temper tantrum.
And I'm low-key hoping
it comes out, baby.
I'm hoping that she shows
her real self.
Like Ru says,
"Reveal yourself."
But now, we're the top five.
Like, we are at that,
like, homestretch.
I'm not focused
on, like, friends.
on eating, sleeping.
Ooh, bitch, I need to eat.
[laughter]
[singing] Shit's
getting gaggy!
It is crazy how high
the stakes are right now.
Everybody is here to secure
that spot in the top four.
Ow.
And that is a little scary
because someone has to go home.
[whispering]
That fucking hurt.
Who is it gonna be?
You never know.
[whispering] Ow.
[singing] RuPaul's Drag Race
The winner
of "RuPaul's Drag Race"
receives a one-year supply
of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics
and a gag-worthy grand prize
of $200,000,
served by Cash App,
with extra-special guest judge
Hayley Kiyoko.
[singing] RuPaul's Drag Race
May the best
drag queen win
Best drag queen win
[upbeat music]
- Ooh.
- Oh.
Oh, oh, oh.
It's a new day
in the Werkroom,
and we are officially
at the top five.
And bitch, I am so excited.
I'm gonna be in the top four,
I promise that.
Oh, my God, top five.
- Can you believe?
- Oh, my God.
There's five.
Yes.
It's going to be, like,
a fight to the finish
because we're all so good.
Well, it's gonna come down
to, like,
the tiniest little detail.
- Tiniest.
- Yeah.
But I am gonna win this week,
I promise you.
- Ooh!
- Well, girls, we shall see.
[laughter]
Hello, hello, hello.
[all cheering]
Mother...
[in deep voice] Has arrived.
Ladykins, after spending
these several many weeks together,
you must know each other
inside and out.
Oh.
So the time has come
to put that to the test.
For today's mini challenge,
we're playing everyone's
favorite new game show,
"Spill the T."
- all: Ooh!
- "Spill the T," hon.
Queens, please say hello
to my lovely cohost,
the president of Anastasia
Beverly Hills, Norvina.
- Hi.
- Hi, Ru.
Hi, queens.
Now, Norvina, today is
all about spilling the tea.
So are you ready
to play the game?
I don't see how that's
any of your business.
- [laughter]
- Good answer.
Here's how the game works.
I'll ask for the tea, like
who's the prettiest queen?
Then you will all vote
for yourselves
or for one
of your fellow queens.
If your answer matches
the majority of the group,
you get a point.
And in the end, the queen
with the most points wins.
Queens, y'all ready?
all: Yes.
Okay, let's spill the tea.
[children cheering]
First question: which queen
makes you laugh the hardest?
Think about it.
Okay.
I know you laughing
at yourself, huh?
Literally.
[laughter]
The majority vote, Mistress.
Everyone gets a point
except Anetra.
Well, I hope
someone's keeping score.
- Norvina?
- Ru, I have one thing to say.
- Bam.
- Ooh.
Anetra, get your head
in the game, bitch.
- [laughter]
- All right, next question.
Which queen thinks
she's the smartest?
[laughter]
Loosey is the majority.
She thinks she's the smartest.
I know I'm the smartest
because I just got the point.
[laughter]
Which queen is the shadiest?
It's unanimous.
[laughter]
Ru, gather them.
Which queen is the hairiest?
I'm not gonna say where.
That's up to you.
- Luxx got Loosey.
- Oh!
Luxx said I was the hairiest.
I was like, wait, what, girl?
I'm standing
next to Mistress, okay?
The Beast of the East.
Mistress is
the majority answer.
Let's check the scores
with Norvina.
Sickening, no?
Interesting.
Here's our next question.
Which queen is
most likely to steal
your Anastasia Beverly Hills
cosmetics?
Oh, it's unanimous.
[laughter]
Shady, hairy, and a thief.
Next question.
Which queen is most likely
to steal your man?
So I think Sasha wins
on that one.
Girl.
Which queen is most likely
to have a sugar daddy?
Oh!
Luxx, Luxx, Luxx, Luxx, Sasha.
[laughter]
Norvina, what say you?
You better walk
that fucking score.
[laughter]
This last question
is worth five points.
all: Ooh.
Which queen is going home
next?
[dramatic music]
Ready.
- [laughter]
- Girl.
One, two, three.
[laughing]
[laughter]
You did yourself too?
Yes! I know you hos.
I'm smart.
I wanna win this challenge,
so I picked myself.
Okay queens, the winner
of today's mini challenge is...
Loosey LaDuca.
- [applause]
- Look at that.
Lo and behold, who wins?
In the words of Mistress,
I'm in my winning era.
Condragulations, Loosey.
You've won $5,000 worth
of cosmetics
from Anastasia Beverly Hills.
Oh, shit!
Mistress,
don't steal my shit.
[laughter]
Now thank you, Norvina.
You can come back and spill
the tea with us any time.
Thank you, Ru.
And queens, just remember
if you can't love yourself,
use a concealer.
[laughter]
My girls, you know,
a lot of people
have influenced me
over the years,
from David Bowie to Cher
to my high school
drama teacher,
- Bill Pannell.
- Aww.
You know, Mr. Pannell was
the first person to tell me,
"Ru, do not take life
too seriously."
Those simple yet powerful words
made a big impact,
and it just goes to show you
that a good teacher
can change your life.
And today, it's your turn
to change the lives
of some good teachers
with the miracle of drag.
Please give a warm
"Drag Race" welcome
to five hardworking teachers
who are about to become
your students.
Ooh.
Yes!
- Hi!
- Yes, welcome.
Hello.
- Hi.
- Hello.
Ladies, please
introduce yourselves.
Hi. I'm Mrs. March-Banks.
I teach
middle school humanities.
I'm Ms. Reyes.
I teach first grade.
I'm Mrs. Wallace, and I teach
middle school choir.
I'm Mrs. Mahoney.
I teach kindergarten.
I'm Ms. Tang,
and I teach high school art.
So wonderful
to have you here.
My queens, for this week's
maxi challenge,
you need to transform
these fearless educators
into flawless glamazons.
Loosey LaDuca, since you won
the mini challenge,
you get to choose
your teacher first
and then pair up the rest
of the queens and teachers.
Okay.
[gasps] No.
Fuck.
All right, so, Loosey,
which teacher do you choose?
Mrs. Wallace.
- [applause]
- Hi!
Who do you choose
for Mistress?
Mistress will be
with Ms. Tang.
- Yes.
- All right, Ms. Tang.
Why would you just hand me
someone who is practically
the same person as me almost?
Maybe she really is
in her congeniality era.
Where's your hall pass?
[laughter]
Who do you choose for Anetra?
- Mrs. Mahoney.
- Yay!
- [laughs]
- Who do you choose for Sasha?
Mrs. March-Banks.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hey! Nice to meet you.
Oh!
I think that she is
trying to get revenge on me
by not giving me
the only other Black person
in the room.
Okay, girl, that's fucked up.
That leaves Ms. Reyes
with Luxx Noir London.
- Hi.
- Hello, hello!
- Nice meeting you.
- You're in good hands.
- Oh, thank you. Thank you.
All right, queens,
we are looking
for a strong drag
family resemblance
between you and your teacher.
And to help you put some swerve
in your bell curve,
you may use pads
provided by Planet Pepper.
all: Ooh.
- [school bell rings]
- Oh.
Uh-oh.
You know
what that bell means.
It means class is in session.
And this year,
we're gonna rule the school.
[laughter]
Racers, start your engines.
And may the best
drag queen win.
[whispering]
Michelle Visage is PG.
Pass it on.
[laughter]
Nice to meet you.
I'm Sasha.
I'm Layla.
- I can sit here.
- Okay, sounds good.
I'm so freaking out
right now.
Like, I'm so excited.
This week,
we are transforming
fabulous teachers,
the people who educate
our youth and future
into drag queens.
It's, like, literally
my favorite show.
And I'm not even
just saying that.
- [laughs]
- [whispering] Same.
I definitely got the teacher
who I was hoping for.
Mrs. Mahoney is, like, DTD.
Like, down to drag, mama.
- You are so beautiful.
- Aw, thank you.
What is your background?
I'm half Filipino,
half white.
[gasps] No way.
Me too!
Is there anything, like,
you're, like, insecure about?
Like, for me, it's like,
my skin is a big thing
because I have
a lot of textured skin.
Do you have anything like that?
Something I'm the most
nervous about
is just walking on stage
and being in front of people.
Like, I'm naturally just
such a reserved person.
The more drag
I, like, put on her,
I think the more
we're gonna reveal her
or RuVeal her.
One can hope.
I'm so excited
that I got you.
- I'm so excited you picked me.
- Yes.
I picked you because your
energy was just so, like, open,
and you're so smiley,
and just, like--
I feel like we have
a similar energy.
Mrs. Wallace is
a middle school teacher,
and she is sweet as pie.
And it's my job to make
Mrs. Wallace step out
of her comfort zone a little.
We're gonna give you
va-va-va-voom.
My drag aesthetic
is very voluptuous.
Just to give you an idea,
my bra size is a 38H.
I'm a 32HH.
Yes!
You're double H!
Have you ever worn
a corset before?
- No.
- Like, we want--
Mm-hmm.
Obviously,
in the LaDuca dynasty,
you need to be voluptuous.
And Mrs. Wallace is perfect
in all the right places,
if you know what I mean.
Oof!
What grade level
do you work with?
9, 10, 11, and 12.
Those are, like,
really, like,
years where you develop
and find yourself.
Do you ever, like, see, like,
really big changes in people?
I do. I love it.
I love being in those chapters
of their lives.
So right away, we are vibing.
We are both Latina.
She's a first generation.
And I find out about her
being a queer teacher,
so I am, like, already
in love with Ms. Tang.
When I was a teenager, like,
I would have gagged
if I even had a teacher
who was able to be themselves.
I'm sure that even if
your students don't say it,
I'm sure they look up to you
so much.
And, like, they see
someone who is like them,
or maybe they feel that way
and they are not allowed
to be like that at home.
Mistress,
you're gonna make me cry now.
Girl, I've been crying
this whole season.
You have no idea.
That was, like, a big part
for me, like, growing up.
Like, my whole family
is, like, really macho man,
and, like, just being different
was so hard.
I wish I had someone like you
to see that there are
queer people out there
who can have successful lives
and be happy.
She's a high school
art teacher.
And I feel like
for every queer person,
that's kind of a safe space.
So right away, I'm just, like,
just spilling my heart out
to her.
I think when I first
came out, I was afraid.
Yes, I do live in a state
where we are accepted,
and we have
certain protections.
But it's still scary.
But the moment
when a student tells me
that they feel safe in my
classroom, it's all worth it.
Ms. Tang has
a piece of my heart,
and I'm gonna bring
that fierce, ferocious
drag side out of her.
- This is llorar. Ay.
- Wipe your tears.
We gotta get ready to win,
put our game face on.
This is how you gotta do it.
You gotta let
all the emotions out now.
That way, we can just be
cunts to everybody.
- Yes, yes.
- I'm sorry.
Then we can be bitches.
[laughs]
Tell me about yourself.
I have two wonderful sons
and an amazing husband.
- Do you watch "Drag Race"?
- I do.
- Yes.
- I love "Drag Race."
Do you make him watch it?
You know, it's my husband
and I.
- We watch together.
- Yes.
I'm definitely,
like, a sexier girl.
- Ooh, I like that.
- Yeah.
I'm all in.
I'm like,
the bigger, the better.
- Good.
- I'm here.
- Let's just go big.
- All right, perfect.
Mrs. March-Banks is game
for everything.
She's familiar with the padding
and the boob plates.
She wants, like, the full
padded dream right now.
Now, granted,
I myself have never dabbled.
[laughing] Okay.
But, I mean,
there's a first time
for everything, right?
So Mother is taking the lead
of the daughter and decided,
I'm gonna pad on top
of these boobies.
I'm gonna pad
on top of this body.
Bitch, y'all thought already?
How is the body?
Oh, wow.
Oh, my goodness,
what do you think?
So we're gonna give you,
like, the Mae West exclusive.
I'm kind of excited for this.
Work, body.
What are some of the things
that you would like
your drag persona to convey?
I want to be a queen.
[laughs]
Okay, okay.
So you want the full
glitz-glam moment.
Yes, yeah.
Anything you want to do
to me, I'm okay with it.
Okay.
So Ms. Reyes is
open to anything
I feel would look best on her.
She's just giving me
complete control.
There is going to take
some work
to get where we want to be,
but I definitely think
that we are gonna turn it out.
So this is the fabric
that I chose for your look.
Uh-huh.
Luxx is so focused on getting
the garments together
that she's not even taking time
to connect with Ms. Reyes.
Now, is there anything
I can do to help?
Um... I don't really think so.
I think right now,
I kind of just gotta,
like, get started
on making them.
- Okay.
- Child.
I think that Luxx is in
her delusional La La Land
and thinks that she's
about to turn it out.
And I'm rooting for my girl,
but Luxx can give
all the confidence
she wants to,
but I see the panic in her eye
and I hope
she gets it together.
[upbeat music]
"Yes, I do have
a high credit score."
Yes, I do have
a high credit score,
- thank you very much.
- Period!
So tell them that
with the walk now.
Okay.
Loosey, my daughter has
something she wants to say.
What?
I want to challenge you
to a walk-off.
Oh, what?
Wait, we have
a challenge, ladies.
We have a walk-off
challenge already.
Oh, wow. They don't want us.
- They don't want it.
- They don't want us!
- Ferocity, tell 'em.
- They don't want us in this.
- Ooh!
Oh!
All right, ready?
Go!
Eat her up. Strut, bitch.
- Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am.
- Strut. Pose.
Oh, oh!
- Yeah!
- Oh, come on.
- Yes, Lala.
- Yes.
Yes, Ms. Lala.
Mama, she ate.
- No, Madam ate, bitch.
- She ate.
Let's ask the audience.
What do y'all think? Who won?
I don't know.
Loosey's daughter is giving.
[laughter]
She beat her.
I'm sorry, America.
You know what? Let them.
Because when we transform,
bitch, it's over.
It's ours.
We're unbothered.
Hmm.
Loosey swears Lala won,
but I think we all know
the real winner.
[laughter]
- Perfect.
- Oh, my gosh.
I could play dress-up
with you all day.
I love this.
Yes, get into it. Feel it.
- Don't be shy.
- I already see it.
You're gonna be
the next Mistress.
I love it.
This week, we are going
to be transforming teachers
into our drag families.
Are you ready to go,
like, 100% so I can win?
Yes.
Would you be down
to shave your eyebrows?
Oh.
Hey, twirlfriends.
- Hi, Ru.
- Hi, mama.
I'm here for the PTA meeting.
[laughter]
All right,
Sasha and Mrs. Marsh-Banks.
Oh, my goodness,
those beautiful flowers.
- Do you have a drag name yet?
- I do.
It's Ferocity Colby.
I love that.
Are there things
that are off-limits
in this challenge for you?
- No.
Isn't that amazing?
She's, like, go for it.
- I love that.
- Whatever.
I was like, if I'm here,
I'm gonna go big.
That's right.
I've yet to work her up
to, like, the pasties.
[laughter]
What do you have in mind?
- Is that your sketchbook there?
- Yes.
You know, Ru, you know
I'm a snatched kind of gal.
- Yes.
- I love a good pony.
And what a great
head of hair there.
Yes.
That's a great head
of hair to snatch.
So we're gonna be
very tropical.
It's dusk.
The luau music's playing
and she's waiting
for her husband,
who's waiting for her
to ravage him.
[laughter]
We both got booty naturally,
but we gonna really give them
booty on the--
you know, we gonna give Loosey
a run for her money.
[laughter]
This is one of my
favorite challenges
because you really get to see
not only the camaraderie
but the artistry
that the queens have
brought to this competition.
So we can't wait.
both: Yay!
- Thank you so much.
Mistress, Ms. Tang.
Come on over.
- Hi.
- Mistress and Ms. Tang.
Have you bonded?
Yes, we are like
two peas in a pod.
I feel like we are,
like, really vibing.
Even from when
they were lined up,
I immediately was like,
"I want her."
Wow.
Have you given her a drag name?
So she is gonna be
Madam Thang.
- Yeah.
- I love it.
Is this an outfit
you're making,
or is it something
that you brought?
- I am making both of them.
- Wow.
We're gonna be utilizing
black velvet and white velvet.
I want to make sure that they
have the family resemblance
but they're still
very different.
Sure.
So it's gonna be chef's kiss.
Oh, my goodness.
I'm thinking
about every element
to make sure
that I secure my win.
And of course,
a gown will also help
hide a little kitten heel,
you know.
I guess I might know
from experience.
Now, you both have
Latin backgrounds.
- Is that part of the bond?
- Yes.
I was letting her know, like,
it's so important for us
to be seen
because we haven't really
seen people like us growing up
who are openly queer.
- Are you queer?
- I am.
I love that.
That's fabulous.
What have you learned
about Mistress
in the short time
you've been together?
- Living life authentically.
- Yeah.
Has that always been
something you've done?
No.
I didn't come out
until my late 20s.
- Late 20s?
- Yeah.
So it's only been
a couple years,
and it's taken me a lot
to learn
that it's okay to live
your authentic and true self.
One of the greatest lessons
you'll ever teach
your students.
- To be yourself.
Yeah. Exactly.
- I love it.
- Thank you.
Do you think you're gonna be
a shady queen,
a nice queen, a fun queen--
what kind of queen
do you think you'll be?
I think you're gonna
have to wait and find out.
- Okay, all right.
- Ooh!
All right, go get to work.
- Thank you.
- And do good.
Thank you.
All right, Anetra,
Mrs. Mahoney, come on down.
- Hi.
What an interesting pair.
[laughter]
Honestly, I was asking,
"What do you see yourself as,
like, in drag?"
And she was like,
"Something a little edgy
and, like, a bad bitch."
And oh, my God,
that's exactly what I am.
- [laughs]
- It's true.
When this one gets into drag,
the energy is
completely different.
There's this runway walk
that is killer.
- Okay.
- Absolutely killer.
Have you walked in heels yet?
Yes, we practiced earlier.
I got some work to do on that.
- It's all in the hips.
- Okay.
Are you afraid of your hips?
No, not afraid.
[laughs]
I think they could use
some love, though.
[laughter]
- Can't we all?
- Don't we all?
Now, what,
you teach kindergarten?
Yeah.
What do you hope
your kids will
learn from this experience?
Just, like, be brave.
Don't let your insecurities
get in front of you.
Like, just be willing
to have fun and try.
Are you willing
to have fun and try?
I am willing, yes.
Okay.
You're gonna be fabulous.
- Okay.
- I cannot wait.
Thank you.
All right, thank you.
Luxx and Ms. Reyes.
What do you have planned there?
We have kind of, like,
a gown moment for Ms. Reyes
in this gorgeous aqua blue,
because her drag name is
Asia Azul.
I love that.
What about heels?
Are you opposed
to wearing heels?
I'm gonna try my hardest
because I want Luxx to win.
[laughs] - Yeah.
How long have you been
a teacher?
27 years now.
What do you think your kids
will think of Asia Azul?
"That's my teacher up there.
"She's not gonna judge me.
She's gonna accept me
for who I am."
Yes.
Not only that,
but the kids will
get to experience
this fun part of you,
this adventurous part of you.
Yes.
Knock 'em dead out there.
- We will.
- Thank you.
Loosey, Mrs. Wallace,
come on over.
- Hi.
- Hello.
So what drag name
have you worked on?
I'm Lala LaDuca.
[laughter]
That's a great name.
It's musical.
And you have
a sketchbook there.
Yes.
We're gonna have two dresses.
Mine will be a little shorter,
hers will be a little longer.
So I thought
that this fabric was
so representative
of rich ladies at the beach.
- Uh-huh.
- You know,
- that kind of a vibe?
- Yeah.
So she is not
old enough to be my mother.
- We've established that.
- Yeah.
- So cool aunt, slutty niece.
- Okay.
[laughter]
So now, Loosey, last week,
two of the contestants
suggested that you should
go home.
Yes.
- What?
- What did that do
to your psyche?
Um, I didn't give a shit.
What?
I was surprised,
but I just took that in stride.
I thought, you know what?
Being angry about it
will not help me in any way.
I think that Loosey is still
very hurt over the comments
that I made on the main stage,
and she kind of set me up
this week to fail.
But it is what it is.
And if you try
to screw me over,
it will never end well.
All right, ladies,
gather round.
Now, tomorrow is draguation day
as you make your drag family
debut on the main stage.
Oh, and one more extra thing.
Queens, you need to prepare
your draguates
for their final exam.
A Lip Sync For Your Life.
Oh, my God.
- Girl.
- Can you split?
[laughter]
Good luck,
and don't flunk it up.
[laughter]
[upbeat music]
All right, Mrs. Wallace.
So this is the main stage
of RuPaul's Drag Race.
Wow.
For this challenge,
all of our teachers
are going to do
a lip sync battle.
So now it's time to show
Auntie Lala how to properly
lip sync for her LaDuca life.
You can use
every bit of this stage.
I like to do a slow walk thing
into a pose.
And then when the beat drops,
that's when you want to go
into your dance.
Okay.
I can see
that she's a little scared.
And I let her know,
you gotta find that confidence
because that is key.
And if you don't got it,
fake it 'till you make it, baby.
What's an overexaggerated
version of this?
Yes, ma'am!
Oh, my God,
we're gonna kill this.
A lot of girls will, like,
go really fast on the runway.
I don't feel like
that's your vibe.
No.
Like, who's the biggest diva
that you love?
Leiomy.
[laughs]
You know Leiomy?
Okay, give me Leiomy, then.
Let's do Leiomy.
Mama is on it.
There's no shaky start
for her.
She don't look like no Bambi
who just learned how to use
their legs.
Give the audience
what they want,
what they came for,
what they need, darling.
You just want to really
embody the song, feel it.
And if you don't
know the words,
girl, just have a good time.
- Interact with the judges.
- Okay.
My style's
very Abby Lee Miller.
I'm a strict bitch.
Go slower.
You can go even slower, bitch.
Tiptoe.
You're in a sickening gown.
I would slap her on the hand
with a ruler if I had one.
You're gonna slay
these bitches, period.
I got this.
And if you don't,
I'm giving you detention.
Do you know how to duck walk?
- No.
- Okay.
So if you keep your butt down
and just kick up a leg.
- Lower.
- I'm gonna die.
[both laugh]
Okay.
No, I can't.
I don't think
that my daughter was
gifted my same gifts.
I can do this.
And that's fine.
Today's lesson is,
drag queens are
like snowflakes.
They're all different, and we
have to appreciate them all.
Ahh!
[laughs]
I just want to see you
feel out the song.
Just have a good time
and just live in the moment.
Okay.
Hit it.
[singing] Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
What am I supposed to do?
[laughs]
Just dance to the music.
[singing] A champion
Greatest of 'em all
[music slows to a stop]
She looked like a deer
in headlights,
but I'm trying
to stay optimistic.
[singing] Champion
Standing tall
I definitely do have
my work cut out for me.
We better make sure you're set
to defeat the competition
how I've been doing
this entire time.
We're not expecting her to be
Naomi Campbell on the runway.
But at the end of the day,
my ass is on the line,
so we gotta get this together.
[singing] Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
Here we go, runway day.
Oh, wow.
The girls are already girling.
It is elimination day,
and this challenge is the one
that is going to make or break
girls' top four placement.
Say goodbye.
Goodbye, face.
[both laugh]
I think that everybody is
giving the vibe
that they're going to do
a good job,
but you never know
what can happen
when you're working
with other people's faces
for the first time.
How bitchy
do you want your brow?
Super bitch.
[laughs]
I'm just so proud
that my daughter wants
a resting bitch face
just like her mom.
My drag is kind of bitchy,
I think,
because also I'm not
really bitchy.
Yeah.
Because it's more fun,
you know?
- Like...
- Yeah.
Create something
that, you know,
you can escape the world from.
Yeah.
I have younger brothers,
and I'm a little bit worried
to, like, see, like, what
the world looks like for them
when they're my age, you know?
Do you think, like,
homophobia or transphobia,
do you think that's something
that people could unlearn?
Yeah, definitely.
I think they can unlearn it.
I think they just have
to be willing,
and so that's the hard part.
Kids don't really come
out of the womb hateful.
It's something that they learn.
So if we can, like, instill
love and kindness in kids now,
it'll show up in our future.
People don't really realize
that we can learn so much
from kids.
Yes.
A lot of adults
just dismiss them,
and so giving them, like,
just a few minutes
just to talk about, like,
how they're feeling
and name how they're feeling,
I think, goes a long way.
If I had a teacher
like you when I was young,
I feel like my life would be
a lot different.
Aww.
When did you say
you started drag?
I started doing drag
four years ago.
And did anyone give you
a hard time
because you started doing this?
I mean, my parents
at first were--
like, they just didn't get it.
And are they
really religious?
'Cause it seems like people
who are really religious
really don't tend to accept
as much.
They aren't religious,
really, at all
which was the surprising part
of why I got so much backlash.
It was kind of always
when I was doing something
a little, like, flamboyant.
It would be like, "You're,
like, not gonna go to heaven
if you, like, do things
like that."
Or like, "God made Adam
and Eve, not Adam and Steve."
It seems like they only
really took part in it
when it was to use it
against me.
That's why we kind of
stopped going to church.
- Mm-hmm.
- Because I'm Catholic.
- Yeah.
- And they're not accepting.
It's like, you know what?
If you can't accept
my children for who they are...
That's really good.
And I haven't gone back
because of that.
So as I'm talking
to my teacher,
I'm discovering that she has
a rainbow family.
All of her kids are
some sort of queer person.
I know a lot of parents,
especially people who are
very religious,
they will put religion
over everything,
even, like, the happiness
or, like, the respect
of their kids.
Oh, yeah.
So, like,
I really can appreciate
the fact that you said,
you know,
"We're not gonna do this."
Ms. Reyes is
just a lovely person
with an amazing soul.
She has an amazing energy,
and I'm happy
that she is giving me
creative freedom here
because I want her to enjoy
her first time in drag.
How are you feeling
about performing and, like,
being in front of the judges?
Nervous, but excited.
I would say, as my daughter,
you better shake it off.
I am a little nervous
about the time restraints,
but this is
right in my wheelhouse.
I went to cosmetology school.
I paint people backstage
for pageants,
and I feel like I can
finally get my second win.
So you guys are in the top.
How many wins do you guys have?
- I have two wins.
- Uh-huh.
I've never been
in the bottom.
Ooh. Okay.
- And Loosey?
- Yes, baby?
How many wins do you have?
I have two
main challenge wins
and three mini challenge wins.
Ooh.
I don't know
if mini challenges count.
This will be my champion win,
and this is the one
that matters the most,
right before the end.
So, bitch,
I've been consistent.
That's what matters the most.
Ooh, she looks
just like Loosey.
I make eyes with Lala LaDuca,
and she looks just like Loosey.
Is that a good thing?
Who knows?
You girls look good.
Uh-huh.
[laughter]
Did you practice
the song, Lala?
Yes.
Did you practice walking?
Oh, wow.
I got my comfy shoes on.
- I think I got this.
- That part.
Gather her.
[laughter]
Has anyone been teaching
their daughters the lingo
and what it means
to be in drag?
She looked really fierce
when she put something on,
and I went, "Bitch!"
She looked very offended.
I was like,
"No, that's a good thing."
When I said
that Mistress looked like
she models Alpo,
that was the truth,
so that would be tea.
But somebody could also say
that I was reading her,
which is kind of like
a playful little, like--
No, shade is playful.
Read is when you're going in.
Shade is, "I don't have
to tell you you're ugly
because you already know
you're ugly."
[laughter]
Now, Ms. Lala,
what did you do yesterday?
When I won my walk-off,
I gathered her.
- [laughter]
- Yeah.
She said
in the mom community,
"gather the girls"
means "put on your bra."
- Gather the girls.
[laughter]
Luxx's daughter,
Miss Asia Azul,
she looks like the heads
on Easter Island.
Mama looked pressed.
She looks like--
[laughs]
I don't know, Luxxy.
You are entering
your champion era.
[drum roll]
Oh.
They're going to gag because
you look just like me, bitch.
Madam Thang's face is
giving me full Disney villain.
[dramatic musical sting]
And you know what?
I guess that does track
with Mistress's personality
or whatever era
she's in right now.
Ooh!
[RuPaul's "Cover Girl"]
[laughs]
Cover girl
Put the bass in your walk
Head to toe,
let your whole body talk
[applause]
Yes, hot mama.
Welcome
to Teacher Appreciation Week
at "RuPaul's Drag Race."
Now, for those of you watching,
feel free to give a shout-out
to your favorite teacher
using #dragrace.
Michelle Visage,
who was your favorite teacher?
This is so easy.
My fourth grade teacher,
Mrs. Brunkwill,
she taught me how to sing out
and sing with your diaphragm.
And little did she know,
I'd soon be needing
a diaphragm.
[laughter]
The sparkling Ross Matthews.
Who was your favorite teacher?
When I graduated high school
and was moving to Hollywood,
my English teacher,
Cathy Clark Smith, said,
"They're gonna think
you're a little fish
"in a big pond,
but they're wrong.
You're a big fish
in a big pond."
[laughter]
And I've been delusional
ever since.
And "Celebrity Drag Race"
alum, Hayley Kiyoko.
Who was your favorite teacher?
My first grade teacher,
Ms. Spear, because I thought
she was gonna be my wife.
[laughter]
This week,
we challenged our queens
to transform
five hardworking teachers
into glamazons.
And tonight on the runway,
category is...
drag family resemblance.
Racers, start your engines.
And may the best
drag queen win.
[singing] The world
is your runway
First up, Sasha Colby
and Ferocity Colby.
Oh!
Jennifer Convertibles called.
They want their ass back.
[laughter]
I'm beaming
like a proud mama.
Ferocity looks great
with a big old rack,
and that booty.
Dolly Parton body, bitch.
She knows she look great.
She loves it.
The family resemblance
is there
and she's soaking up
the judges.
She is smiling at them.
She is presenting herself.
Nobody can hold a candle
to Ferocity Colby.
It shines bright.
It shines far.
It's a what?
It's a superstar.
All Ferocity, all shade.
Oh, my gosh.
They're graduating
with a BFA,
Big Fat Ass.
Hey!
[laughter]
Loosey LaDuca
and Lala LaDuca.
Oh, "Barb and Star Go
to Vista Del Mar."
It feels so incredible
to walk down this runway
with my little drag baby, Lala.
She is giving LaDuca
family resemblance down.
It's a little weird
because I swear
I am looking at myself.
She's got big blonde hair,
big boobs, tiny waist.
She is serving
"I'm the only bitch
on this runway, RuPaul."
Girls' trip to Boca.
Who's in?
[laughter]
I'll see you in detention.
Mistress Isabelle Brooks
and Madam Thang.
- Ooh.
- Mmm-mmm.
Take my breath away.
Now this is a class
that I want to take.
Yeah, why don't you come up
and teach me sometime?
Ow, ow, ow.
We're shimmying
down the runway.
We have these huge tulle boas
and big hair.
Our mug is snatched.
Baby, we look glamorous,
we look plump,
and we're everything you could
ever want in a woman.
Okay?
Madam Thang is feeling it.
This bitch is
stealing my spotlight.
The judges are all in her mug
and she is flawless.
Being up here
with Madam Thang,
I am so happy and I'm so proud
because she's living
in the moment
and having fun, and that's
making this experience
so enjoyable
for the both of us.
They're from the best
little schoolhouse in Texas.
[laughter]
That's Madam Thang
if you're nasty.
Oh, and the train is
definitely still running.
- Oh, okay.
- Oh, hey.
The teacher's lounge
is lit after 6:00.
[laughter]
Luxx Noir London
and Asia Azul.
Asia makes me want to eat
a hot dog real bad.
[laughter]
If Ms. Reyes is the teacher,
Asia Azul is definitely
the one in detention
because she is giving you
this sexy blonde hair moment.
It's so bad, yet so good.
Asia is wearing
a gorgeous mermaid gown
that I have made myself,
thank you very much.
It has
a gorgeous matching cape
with a peach lining
that matches my dress.
Classic Luxx, classic beauty.
Asia is just having
a really good time up there.
Ugh, she just looks
so stunning.
See you at the White Lotus.
[laughter]
Anetra and Alektra.
- Hey!
- Oh.
Anetra, now available
in a travel size.
[laughter]
Me and Alektra are
giving you the yin and yang.
We are the yin-yang twins.
I definitely wanted
to lean into Asian pride
with this Mandarin collar,
the sashes off of the arm
onto the shoulder.
And we're giving
the opposite side
because we are giving what?
Balance in the outfit.
Because as we've
learned before,
just a bodysuit on "Drag Race"
will not get you anywhere.
Alektra is definitely
feeling her oats.
It's like as if
she took out each oat
and felt them individually.
I am a proud drag mother.
My duckling.
Does this one leg
make my ass look fat?
Actually, it does.
Ooh, yay.
[laughter]
Welcome, queens.
You all look
too cool for school.
Absolutely gorgeous.
Now it's time
for the judges' critiques.
First up, Sasha Colby.
And this is Ferocity Colby.
You two are such family,
you're gonna fight
at Christmas.
[laughter]
And you did it
in such smart ways.
Not just the material
and the cutouts
mirroring each other,
but also the proportion
of the padding
is very similar as well.
Like you came out
the same womb.
Your synergy
on stage was connected.
You felt very present.
And that's sometimes
what it's about,
more so than just looking
like one another.
There has to be a chemistry,
and you kids really had it.
Now, we're all used to
padding and things like that.
What's it like for you
to pad like that?
Oh, I'm loving it.
I've never had these.
[laughter]
I am enjoying them.
Up next, Loosey LaDuca
and Lala LaDuca.
[with New York accent]
Loosey and Lala LaDuca.
[laughter]
I thought you kids did
a really cute job
in family resemblance.
What could have been
a little bit stronger
was the fun on the stage.
I felt like you were both
doing something separate,
and you needed
to have that chemistry
to keep you together.
I disagree with Michelle.
Lala, I loved your walk.
There was just so much pride
and, like, excitement
that was oozing out of you,
and I felt the connection
between you two.
The thing is, about this
stage in the competition,
is it's seriously down
to splitting hairs.
Like, the shoes.
If you just would have
stoned them just a little bit
to make me go,
"Oh, yeah, they're the same."
I know it sounds so stupid,
but that's where we are
in this competition.
Lala, so beautiful,
my goodness.
Have you ever worn
makeup before?
Not like this.
[laughter]
Is there anything you wanted
to do but didn't have time?
I really would have liked
to stone on the shoe.
I think it would have brought
the whole thing together.
[laughter]
Up next,
Mistress Isabelle Brooks
and Madam Thang.
You two were a joy to watch.
You had chemistry.
You had connection.
You had choreography.
It was the very best wicked,
wild world of Mae West.
Madam Thang gave me
the attitude.
I was getting the eyes.
I was like, "Ooh!"
It was like,
"You're looking at me?
Good, keep looking."
But my favorite part
is how you left,
because you thought about
every detail, even the exit.
So not for one moment
did I not buy
that you are
absolutely related.
Thank you.
You two are something else.
Tell me about this process.
I did try to pay her off
to shave her eyebrows.
At first, I asked very nicely.
Then I offered her $500.
[laughter]
What were you thinking
when you were
walking down the runway?
Making Mistress proud.
- Aww.
- I did threaten her.
- [laughter]
- You didn't.
Thank you.
Up next, Luxx Noir London.
And this is Asia Azul.
[laughter]
Okay.
Work it, miss thang.
Luxx, Jennifer Coolidge.
Great to see you.
[laughter]
Asia, you look so stunning.
Luxx, what you did with this
makeover is unbelievable.
How do you feel?
I feel like my Ta Lala.
She used to dress like this
because she was so glamorous.
Asia, I was on "Celebrity
Drag Race," and I remember
I was terrified to go
on the stage,
and I could feel your nerves
when you first walked out,
and I saw
this transformation,
like, mid-walk
where you just, like,
let loose.
Performance, fantastic.
I think what happened
for me is that
there's no family resemblance.
I think
what you're trying to do
is tie in the blue
with your eyeshadow,
and that really didn't work.
The hair style, the hair color,
the color palette.
Coral ties it in,
but it's so opposite, Luxx,
that I see
zero family resemblance.
What's your favorite part?
That I get to twirl
and I have a cape.
[laughter]
We're seeing
Jennifer Coolidge.
Are you seeing that?
I don't know who she is.
I'm sorry, guys,
Gay gasp.
We'll go home
and watch some movies.
- It's fine.
- Okay.
[laughter]
Up next, Anetra.
And this is Alektra.
Listen, Barbie and Skipper,
I loved it.
- [laughter]
- Yeah, totally.
This family resemblance,
this is a no-brainer.
That one leg is everything.
It's super elevated.
I love that you have the--
I don't know
what this piece is--
I guess the arm foreskin.
What would you call that?
Whatever that is, I love
that yours is pink, Anetra,
and, Alektra, yours is black.
Because they can't
be identical.
They have to be a little
different but related.
That is the essence
of this challenge.
Your presentation was just
so polished and refined.
The way you choreographed it
was different
to everybody else,
and I love that.
It just made sense.
Tell me, what's your
favorite part of this outfit?
Um, this arm foreskin.
[laughter]
- Trend alert.
- #armforeskin.
- [laughter]
- Yes.
Anetra, what did you learn
from Alektra?
She's so open about
queerness in the classroom.
And it was nice
and refreshing to hear
how simple it is
for, like, kindergartners
to understand, like,
love is love.
Yeah.
The concepts are
not hard to learn,
because they naturally have
that empathy and that love.
And so just tapping
into that magic and that joy
that they have.
All right, thank you.
Thank you, ladies.
I think we've heard enough.
But before you leave,
I want to see
our teacher queens
do one more thing.
[laughs maniacally]
Oh.
Five beautiful queens
stand before me.
Prior to tonight,
you were asked
to prepare
a lip sync performance
of my song, "Champion."
I dedicate this performance
to all the educators everywhere.
[dramatic music]
The time has come...
[thunderclap]
For you to lip-sync
for your life.
Let's go, girls.
Good luck,
and don't flunk it up.
[laughter]
They try to keep you down
- Yes!
- Yes, mama!
[singing] But
there's no denying
You're a champion
Yes!
[singing] Greatest of them all
You're a champion
Never gonna fall
- Still standing tall
- Beautiful.
- Yes!
- [singing] You're a champion
Yeah, that's my daughter!
[singing] You'll
always be a hero
- And when your story's told
- Yes.
Yes. - [singing]
When the truth unfolds
Oh!
[laughter]
[singing] They will sing
your praises loud
'Cause your story's gold,
if the truth be told
- Come on, bitch!
- Yeah!
[singing] With all
the children singing
Clap, hos!
[singing] Oh, oh, oh,
oh-oh, oh, oh
Yeah!
[laughter]
[all cheering]
Yes, honey!
[laughter]
[singing] Oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
You're a champion,
greatest of them all
- You're a champion
- Yes, girl!
[singing] Never gonna fall
- You're a champion
- Work it!
- Yes!
- [singing] Still standing tall
You're a champion,
and you'll always be a hero
[cheers and applause]
- Yes!
- Come on, baby.
Yes!
Wow.
Ladies,
I've made my decision.
[dramatic music]
Shantay,
you all get straight As.
- [applause]
- Yes.
Oh, what the heck.
You all get gay A's too.
[all cheering]
Now, while you untuck backstage,
the judges and I
will deliberate.
Now, just between
us faculty members,
I want to know what you think.
Starting with Sasha Colby.
Bam.
Drag family resemblance
slapped in your face.
I love the fact
that they padded for this.
- Yes.
- Because they didn't have to.
No.
But that was
the family resemblance.
I think Ferocity
looked like she does this
every single day,
and I think Sasha killed it
from being a supportive mentor
to really expanding her family.
Loosey LaDuca.
So, Hayley, earlier you were
saying that you disagreed.
It wasn't about
the choreography for me.
It was purely about
the chemistry.
I don't know if Lala was afraid
or Loosey was, you know,
afraid for Lala.
It just lacked the chemistry
that you really need
on the main stage when selling
this particular challenge.
My issue was just
with the details.
That shoe should be burned.
It just doesn't
belong anywhere.
- Her feet were small.
- Her feet were small,
but that heel was
about 2 centimeters tall.
Did she do a good job?
Yeah, she did a good job.
But, you know, some
of the other girls did better.
Mistress Isabelle Brooks.
It was just very effortless.
I loved watching them together,
and I didn't want it to end.
She was smart.
She did what she does best,
which is this pageant thing,
and she kept it simple, stupid.
And it ended up
being wonderful.
I also love
that she offered to pay her
500 bucks
to shave her eyebrows.
[laughs] - Yes.
Michelle, I'll give you 50
if you shave your back.
[laughter]
You could have had me at 20.
Luxx Noir London.
I thought Asia looked
like Jennifer Coolidge,
because she did.
But when it comes
to family resemblance,
they just weren't
"Best in Show."
[laughter]
Luxx's outfit was a series
of three pieces of fabric
in approximately five knots.
[laughter]
She could have taken
that blue fabric
- and done the same knotted look.
- Yes.
And that is all
they would have needed
to tie in
the family resemblance.
I was very impressed
with Asia
because she was
obviously nervous,
so I do want to give points
that Luxx was able to be there
and support her.
But unfortunately,
that wasn't the assignment.
- Anetra.
- We've heard queens before
in this family resemblance
challenge say,
"Oh, it's so tough
because physically,
we're so different."
- Bullshit.
- Right.
They looked like sisters.
I'm so impressed
that she hand-stitched
and made those outfits,
and they looked identical
but also had their own life.
I couldn't take
my eyes off of Alektra.
Anetra painted her
so beautifully.
And, of course,
the trend alert.
Uncut sleeve.
Finally, bringing uncut back.
[laughter]
Silence.
I've made my decision.
Bring back my girls.
Welcome back, queens.
[squeals] - Oh, my God. Okay.
Made some decisions.
Mistress Isabelle Brooks.
Tonight, you understood
the assignment, miss thang.
- You are safe.
- Thank you.
- [applause]
- Yes!
Sasha Colby, tonight,
you got all A's
and a pair of double D's.
[laughter]
- You are safe.
- Thank you.
Aww.
[dramatic music]
Anetra.
Tonight, you were
the head of the class.
Condragulations.
You're the winner
of this week's show.
[squeals] - Oh, my God!
You won a cash prize
of $5,000 for yourself
and a cash prize of $5,000
for your teacher, Alektra.
[screams] [all cheering]
Oh, my God.
[laughs]
And to show our appreciation
to all of our teachers,
each of you will receive
a three-night stay
at Ace Hotel and Swim Club
in Palm Springs.
[all cheering]
Anetra, you may join
the other girls.
Thank you.
[screams]
Two challenge wins,
back-to-back.
It's gonna be a good Christmas
for everybody, y'all.
Loosey LaDuca,
Luxx Noir London.
I'm sorry my dears, but you are
both up for elimination.
Okay.
I'm shocked
to be in the bottom.
I am angry,
but I'm ignoring that for now
because I am going to be
in the finale.
Two queens stand before me.
Prior to tonight,
you were asked to prepare
a lip sync performance
of "For the Girls"
by Hayley Kiyoko.
Ladies, this is
your last chance to impress me.
Save yourself from elimination.
The time has come...
[thunderclap]
To lip-sync
for your life.
Come on, Loosey.
Come on, Luxx.
You got this.
For the first time
in "Drag Race" herstory,
Luxx Noir London has fallen
into the bottom.
So, bitch, I am ready
to give the judges a show
like they have not seen before,
and I am ready
to send Loosey home.
Good luck,
and don't fuck it up.
[Hayley Kiyoko's
"For the Girls"]
- Come on.
- Come on, girls.
[singing] 10 out of 10,
all in a line
The air's sweet
when we're passing by
Yeah, ooh
- It hurts a little
- Yes!
[singing] Don't get whiplash
Don't forget that
Save a kiss for the sun
Don't you wish
you could come undone?
Take a dip, join the fun
Just as long as you know
that summer's for the girls
The girls that like girls,
the girls that like boys
The girls,
the girls, the girls
Summer's for the girls
that run the night
Girls that change
your life
Girls, the girls,
the girls, the girls
Ooh
Don't wipe out
One look
and it's lights out
What's everyone gonna do?
Let's find out
It's not wrong,
it's right now
[all cheering]
Summer's for the girls,
the girls that like girls
The girls that like boys
The girls,
the girls, the girls
Summer's for the girls
that run the night
Girls that change
your life
Girls, the girls,
the girls, the girls
Take a dip, join the fun
Just as long as you know
Come on, girl!
[singing] Girls
that like girls
The girls that like boys
The girls,
the girls, the girls
Surround me with the girls,
I love being a girl
I'm ready for the girls,
are you?
Surround me with the girls,
I love being a girl
I'm ready for the girls,
are you?
The girls,
the girls, the girls
[all cheering]
Yeah!
That was beautiful.
Whoo!
Ladies,
I've made my decision.
[dramatic music]
Ooh, I can't take this.
Luxx Noir London,
shantay, you stay.
- Yay!
- Oh, yes.
Thank you so much.
You may join the other girls.
Loosey LaDazzling
LaDiva LaDuca.
- You're a star, baby.
- Thank you.
Now sashay away.
Thank you all so much.
[soft music]
[applause]
Just make sure to tell them
I wasn't just
a great set of boobs.
[laughter]
I'm also
an incredible set of legs.
- [laughter]
- Yes!
I feel...
a little slighted.
I have always delivered,
and I deserve to be
in the finale.
I'm trying not to be angry
that the other girls
get to experience
the rest of this journey
and I don't.
I shouldn't have been in
the bottom of this challenge.
I executed everything.
Mistress put her girl
in a stretch dress.
I know that I'm a superstar,
and I think that I'm one
of the most unique people
in this competition.
I can't say the same
for everyone.
Condragulations,
my top four queens.
And remember,
if you can't love yourself,
how in the hell are you gonna
love somebody else?
Can I get an amen up in here?
all: Amen.
Let the music play.
A little bit of love
goes a long, long way
Lifting you up
to a brighter day
Can you feel the love?
Next time
on "RuPaul's Drag Race"...
You'll be starring
in the season 15 remix
of my song,
"Blame It on the Edit."
Ooh!
I want this
more than I've ever wanted
anything in my life.
I need to be in the finale.
All that's left for me to win
is the crown.
But remember,
only three of you
will be going through
to the grand finale.
Somebody gotta go.
Baby, all it takes
is one slipup,
and then you are gone.
[dramatic music]
[singing] A little bit of love
goes a long, long way
Lifting you up
to a brighter day
A little bit of love
goes a long, long way
Turn it around
when you up and say
Everybody say
love, love, love
Love, oh, love, love
Love, love, love, oh, love
Can you feel the love?